Update microsoft-365-business-faqs.md (#2396)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/business/support/microsoft-365-business-faqs.md

 
### What should customers and partners know before running Microsoft 365 Business Premium within their organization? 
Customers who wish to experience the complete capabilities of Microsoft 365 Business Premium must be running Windows 7, 8.1, or 10 Pro<sup>[2](#footnote2)</sup> on their existing desktops. Existing Windows 10 Pro PCs should be running Creators Update if they have not already done so. 

## Deployment

### What should customers consider when planning a Microsoft 365 Business Premium deployment? 
The most direct path to a successful Microsoft 365 Business Premium deployment is to engage with a Microsoft Partner. They have extensive training and experience with a wide variety of customer scenarios and are best equipped to understand your environment and needs. Customers that have experienced IT on staff can use the <a href="https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/business/microsoft-365-business-overview" target="_blank">Microsoft 365 Business Premium Getting Started</a> to assist them in their Microsoft 365 Business Premium deployment. 

### Does Microsoft 365 Business Premium include the full capabilities of Microsoft Intune? 

> Yes, Microsoft 365 Business Premium subscribers are licensed to use full Intune capabilities for iOS, Android, macOS, and other cross-platform device management. Features not available in the simplified management console in Microsoft 365 Business Premium, like third-party app management and configuration of WiFi profiles, VPN certificates, can be managed in the full Intune console. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, Microsoft 365 Business Premium subscribers are licensed to use full Intune capabilities for iOS, Android, macOS, and other cross-platform device management. Features not available in the simplified management console in Microsoft 365 Business Premium, like third-party app management, configuration of Wi-Fi profiles, and VPN certificates, can be managed in the full Intune console. 
```

## Compatibility

### Can I add Office 365 add-ons to Microsoft 365 Business Premium? 
All the add-ons that can be added to Microsoft 365 Business Standard can be added to Microsoft 365 Business Premium. This means that you can purchase Office 365 Cloud App Security, Advanced Compliance, Threat Intelligence, MyAnalytics, Power BI Pro, and Audio Conferencing. 
 
### Can I add Phone System and Calling Plans to Microsoft 365 Business Premium? 
No, Phone System and Calling Plan are reserved for customers who have more advanced needs. Customers who require these capabilities should look at Microsoft 365 Enterprise offerings. 
 
### Can Microsoft 365 Business Premium customers use  Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection? 

> Yes, Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection is available as an Add-on to Microsoft 365 Business premium customers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, Microsoft Defender Advanced Threat Protection is available as an add-on to Microsoft 365 Business Premium customers.
```
